I thought watch this were dead I mean I
haven't worn a watch in like 15 years
like when I was three
now one watch that I had in high school
was the coolest watch ever it was a
calculator watch yeah I was a nerd but
uh
a sexy one lies and silly me was
secretly used to cheat on math tests
until I realized that calculators were
allowed for the test so there are two
main problems that I have a watches
number one it leaves a mark on your skin
for years letting people know that you
were one of those people you know those
watch where and the other was the smell
when you took it off I mean your wrist
was just all stanky and funky and I used
to smell it clearly I'll take the watch
off in the morning while I'm in bed and
do this hahahaha but when I heard
yesterday in the Apple was experimenting
with the new SmartWatch part of me long
to sniff my wrist again but the other
part of me was more like really watch
here are a couple of the concept
pictures not his first one wow that was
hot yeah yeah and look at a second ooh
that's sex and so here I sit at the
crossroads so nearly everyone having a
phone my mind who needs a wristwatch I
mean besides the people who want to be
fashionable I really see anyone with one
on most people like me I think just use
their phones like now I need to know
what time it is so I'll just used my
phone battery's dead to me
traveling galaxy okay
Hey
right ah it's 11:59 but to me you have
to do something more than tell time
maybe tell me that I have to go to the
bathroom Thanks I watched maybe tell me
that it's time for the walking day while
I'm sitting in my new chair what's that
the walking dead huh I love it Oh on the
show where did the humans go to the
bathroom I've always wondered that but I
digest I I just can't decide on this
watch thing Apple get into the
SmartWatch market i watch his dad like I
thought what kind of SmartWatch do
that's different
well I'll leave those for you to decide
all right time to take off this Wonder
Woman bracelet here which was kind of
the watch
don't judge me
he's the funny tech guy who'll get the
job done like - how to's been a bit so
fun many so crazy bad pick up
it was my boy tomorrow a son